add mention of DQL permission requirement for a subscribing user (#12502)
crate/crate: docs/admin/logical-replication.rst

``DQL``, ``DML``, and ``DDL`` privileges on the table. When a user creates a
publication that publishes all tables automatically, only those tables where the
user has ``DQL``, ``DML``, and ``DDL`` privileges will be published.

> A user used by a subscriber must have ``DQL`` privileges on the published
> tables. Tables, included into a publication but not available for a subscriber
> due to lack of ``DQL`` privilege, will not be replicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user a subscriber uses to connect to the publisher must have ``DQL``
privileges on the published tables. Tables, included into a publication but
not available for a subscriber due to lack of ``DQL`` privilege, will not be
replicated.
```
